README.md, before:

# Marketplace of Ideas

Here's our project for the marketplace of ideas -- a site that allows users to share blog posts and "purchase" other author's posts to show support. 

### User Stories

As a contributing author, I want to be able to post a blog post to the site.

As a fallible author, I want to be able to update a blog post I've previously posted.

As an engaged user, I want to be able to "purchase" a blog post that I find particularly thought-provoking.

As a casual user, I want to be able to browse a listing of blog posts.

As an organized user, I want to have the option to rank blog posts by their value (aka how much users have contributed to the post).

As a social user, I want to be able to follow other users.

As a social user, I want to be able to view a list of another user's blog posts.

As an engaged user, I want to be able to comment on a post if I've already "purchased" it.

As an engaged author, I want to be notified when a new comment is added to one of my blog posts.

As an engaged user, I want to be able to view a list of posts that I've "purchased."

Commit message:

Update user stories and database diagram

README.md, after:

# Marketplace of Ideas

Here's our project for the marketplace of ideas -- a site that allows users to share blog posts and "purchase" other author's posts to show support. For our database design, see the database_diagram file in our repo.

### User Stories

As an author, I want to be able to post a blog post to the site.

As a user, I want to be able to log in to the site.

As an author, I want to be able to update a blog post I've previously posted.

As an reader, I want to be able to "purchase" a blog post that I find particularly thought-provoking.

As a reader, I want to be able to browse a listing of blog posts.

As an reader, I want to have the option to rank blog posts by their value (aka how much users have contributed to the post).

As a reader, I want to be able to follow other users.

As a reader, I want to be able to view a list of another user's blog posts.

As a reader, I want to be able to comment on a post if I've already "purchased" it.

As an author, I want to be notified when a new comment is added to one of my blog posts.

As a reader, I want to be able to view a list of posts that I've "purchased."
